---
title: "Dragons"
date: 2022-05-16T21:23:16-04:00
draft: false
---

The Lizardcraft server has a plugin where custom dragons made by thetrueprime and act differently and have different abilities based on the moderator, lore writer, or ex-moderator it is based on. The dragons come in two tiers: Tier 1s - Generally weaker dragons with good loot but has a larger variety pool OR Tier 2s - A smaller pool of dragons but they have better loot and are harder to defeat. (**Note: Tier 2 dragons can only be unlocked once a castle is built in any city.**)


The (CURRENT) list of Tier 1 Dragons are:

> Sir Josh, the Knight of the End (Not in rotation as of 04/08/22) - A dedicated ex-moderator defined by his speedrunning techniques of Minecraft. His main form of attacking is shooting fireballs at the players at a rate of **one fireball multiplied by seconds to the negative first equal to the amount of people present divided by ten (i.e. 5 seconds between launches for two people, 3.3 seconds for 3 people, etc. There is a cap where the fireballs will spawn at 1 a second.)** He will drop diamonds, netherite scraps, shulker shells and his tier 1 egg. (Has a Tier 2 variant)

> Overlord _Jayy of Our Land (Not in rotation as of 04/08/2022) - The secondary administrator and developer, he is notorious for smiting people when he would come online. His main attack is striking players with lighting, indicated by the blue rings that slowly close in on a player's current position (the ring does not move once it has started.) The ring will shrink until lighting strikes, dealing 4 damage (2 hearts.) Note that the lighting is considered *"true"* damage and will ignore armor and enchantments that reduce damage. The rate of lighting is the number of people divided by 10 to the negative first (i.e if there are two people, the dragon will strike lighting at the players (2/10) to the -1st or every 5 seconds.) He will drop gold, gilded blackstone, gold ore, an elytra (rarely), his egg and a special rum brewing ingredient, a _Jayy26 head. (There is currently no tier 2 version as of 05/16/2022.)

> Eda the Innocent Frog Lady - A current moderator, her dragon embodies Eda's love of animals and uses them to attack players. There are set intervals where at 75% of her HP she will spawn sheep, 50% she will spawn cats, and 25% she will spawn dogs. During her spawning animation, she is invulnerable to attacks until the animals are spawned in. The animals are divided between acting like vexes or baby zombies. She will spawn 2 animals per player, capping at 10 monsters (5 players) of each type.

> Angel Emma of the Axolotls and Assassin Sparkles - Protector of Beds (Dual Fight) - Two current moderators, the fight represents a mix between a regular dragon fight and the popular minigame of bed wars. Sparkles' main attack is shooting fireballs towards the players at a rate of the number of people divided by 10 to the negative first (-1) power (i.e. if there are two people, Sparkles will shoot a fireball once every 5 seconds, maxing out at 1 fireball a second.) Additionally, once Emma's health goes below 75%, floating islands with a bed spawn above the main island, giving Emma a regeneration effect until broken (the lower the health the stronger the regeneration effect is.) Players must manually build up to these islands and break the beds on them (as there is a flying repulsion aura around them), which stops the regeneration effect and continues the battle (the island will dissolve shortly after.) To finish the fight, you must bring Sparkles down to around 25% of his max HP and finish Emma off, in which Sparkles will disappear. The drops are a few buckets of pink axolotl, concrete in a random assortment of colors and very rarely Urban Evasion pants. (There is currently no tier 2 version as of 05/16/2022.)

**please note this is not all of the dragons.**